2018-02-21
==========

* **magicbox-maps README**: [In Etherpad](https://public.etherpad-mozilla.org/p/unicef-magicbox-maps-readme); blocked by feedback on these questions:
	1. What are we trying to understand with school mapping data in magicbox-maps? We've talked about it briefly before, but wanted to know if we have an intended use or if we have suggestions for what it can be used for. I'm trying to answer the "so what?" question.
	2. If someone wanted help running a production version of MagicBox, who should they contact? An email, a web page?
	3. What does the sample data we have already for magicbox-open-api + magicbox-maps actually include?
	4. Can we publicly share the development instances of http://magicboxopenapi.azurewebsites.net/api/v1 ?
* **Documentation**: Dove into Mike's Medium docs of the project, categorized sections by topics, and created five candidate documents
	* Condensed [into GitHub](https://github.com/unicef/magicbox/issues/16#issuecomment-367546665)


## Red Hat video introduction

Hi, my name is Justin Flory and I'm an intern working on the MagicBox projects   
at the Office of Innovation at UNICEF.                                              
                                                                                    
I'm working on open source community engagement and helping the team follow the  
open source way as we work on MagicBox. I'm writing documentation and hopefully  
making our projects easier to participate in. Some of that is contributing          
guidelines and other parts are automating parts of our community management with 
tools like continuous integration and code base health checks.                      
                                                                                    
Working on this project is exciting and giving me an opportunity to make a          
positive impact on a humanitarian open source project. I'm super happy to be        
working with UNICEF and the team here on building a tool and a community to help 
make an impact in the lives of children.